Robotic automation process 22 XA languages v Article Talk Read Edit View Tools history v From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's standards. quality The specific problem is: It's disorganized, with thrown pieces together in random and places content placed in sections that is unrelated to the sections' headings; also, lack of and clarity repetitiveness. Please help this improve article if can. you (February 2025) (Learn how and when to remove this message) Robotic automation process is (RPA) form a of business automation process that is Part of series a based on software on robots artificial (bots) or [1] intelligence (AI) agents. RPA should not be Automation confused with artificial intelligence it is as based automation on technology following a workflow.l2] predefined It sometimes is referred to software as robotics ⨯ to be (not confused with robot software). ☒ In traditional workflow automation software tools, a developer produces list of a actions Automation to automate in task and a general interface to the back end system internal using application Banking Building (Home) Highway programming . system interfaces (APIs) dedicated or scripting language. In contrast, RPA Laboratory . Broadcast Library . Mix - systems develop the action list by Pool watching the cleaner music user Pop that perform task . in Reasoning the application's Semi-automation graphical interface user Telephone (Attendant . and (GUI) then perform the automation by Switchboard) . Teller machine . Vehicular - repeating those tasks in directly the GUI. This lower can the barrier to the of use machine Vending automation in that products might not otherwise feature APIs for this purpose. Robotics and robots Domestic (Vacuum cleaner RPA (Roomba) tools . have technical strong similarities to graphical user interface Lawn tools. testing Guided mower) vehicle Industrial These tools also automate interactions with the GUI, and . often ODD (Paint) do so by repeating set a of demonstration actions performed a RPA by user. tools differ of from Impact automation such in systems that thau allou ta h^ handlad Manumation in ond hotunon OOL multinla annlinatiane (Bias) Self-driving . for cars inetanna